in this seventh block we present you
the participation of those expected
legendary charros de jalisco team a
captained of course by savior
sanchez who on the horse's face
send miguel ibarra to achieve 15
meters in two times and add 12
additional 5 of the 2 and 4 of media with
which reaches 41 points does not have
one single infraction to start with
the right foot this great team
accumulating 41 salvador sánchez orozco el
famous oocyte what to ride in his first
opportunity to take 21 points in
the second row line perfectly
join the back legs of the mare and
gets 21 points and closes excellent to
set another 21 points and take 63
besides being the individual champion of
this task the team already reached 104
while in the coleadero there is no
they wanted to stay behind and they became
in the best team until closing the ring
as we can appreciate the people already
I showed
nice to see this great team at
fill the garment yard with the
manga that dominated savior sanchez in the
arturo ibarra coleadero opened and was the
best of the team with 39 units
while his brother Miguel contributes 29
points but highlights with this round
right of 12 with 2 away and
closes francisco javier sánchez orozco
with 35 points and this round right of
12 with 2 away the best team
until that moment with 207 good jorge
aceves the strong objections of
this bull having excellent base of
24 but unfortunately they lose the
three of the hand since it holds
so as not to be knocked down he accumulates one for
pre such mary hero and one to go down without
be released for 26 units in the shortlist
in the arena salvador sanchez with his bad
headband of 29 and arturo ibarra with
adds the triple with 27 units of the pial
of roll to carry until this moment
287 points , however, luck
Miguel migrates ibarra achieves nothing more 18
in the arturo ibarra mare consume two
manganas on foot
the perfectly contributing 48 points the
first of 22 the second of it
qualification and with 4 time coming
to 355 but luck at that time
abandons savior orozco who
It leaves without curdling stints on horseback
what only brings 6 of time and it
they remain with 361 since miguel ibarra
inexplicably, it does not accommodate
make the step of death jumps very
open and they stay with the eighth place
of the national independence championship and
now we go with the champions
Individuals opening with the king of
cars
adolfo cortez member of course of
the charros of the coconut not of morelos who
achieves nothing less than 19 meters in two
times as we can appreciate the
excellent grass leaves two furrows in the
excellent canvas creek rectangle
charro aquilino aguilar moreno so
that takes 16 additional only
in the tip movement the two sides
they were cataloged from three the two
half fingers to reach 40
and six points however the judges
they give three of infraction but that yes
Adolfo Cortez becomes champion
individual with 43 units or better said
national champion independence of cala
of horse the piales and we saw each other
what we're going to the coleadero starting
with great chongo ' agito de' don mario '
pacheco who on this occasion has a
individual championship under his belt
made by his compadre mere marquez
who gets round right of 12 with 1
away at your first opportunity
in the luck of the coleadero while
in the second he hastens his movements and
achieves round right of 12 with 2 of
distance for 14 points and closes in the
third with another excellent knocked down of
14 to get to 41 and become
individual champion tied that yes already
that by ranch the state glen of
mexico the capital of this team miguel
becerril berlanga in his first
opportunity also achieves the championship
individual with 41 points since in the
first
round right of 12 with 2 away
for 14 units riding this excellent
horseman who supports him at all times
since as we see in the second one it takes
to another redondon of 14 to close with
one more round but this time
knocked down between 40 and 50 meters to
13 points and reach 41 in the championship
individual draw and we go with the
charros del pedregal team 3 who
stood out precisely for the new
value of the mexican song
diego herrera who manages to base
10 add 15 additional flourishes
plus 2 of your first chance plus 2
for achieving only and exclusively
horns and 1 of the muzzle to get to 30 and
with 2 time provide 32 points
while edgar of the forest kings with
sum the triple for this great team
rated with 27 social points and we
we go with what was the champion of the pial
of course precisely but we have all
the terna of the charros of the
autonomous University
of zacatecas that started with the loop
of July polished head of
26 points before the watchful eye of all
the bartenders while I like
mejía is in charge of taking the
individual pial championship
with 32 units to the base of 10 add
15 additional flourish 2 of your first
opportunity 3 because as we see it finishes
of wind perfectly with adding the
pial of arena with 2 of time for 32
units and we're going to close as in all
the skills with the passage of the
death on this occasion the champion
individual was ranch san jose del
state of Hidalgo the team of
normal brothers who have to their credit
an excellent death pin and it's
nothing less
claudio aguilar son who achieves
get up with everything and carry and accumulate 30
points
unfortunately, eric narvaez received
a big blow for all of you with
the angle from the match
this blow has it out of those of those
charros but it's about to
recover since they have
than to achieve its classification now in the
commemorative championship that is going to
perform in dorados de ahuatepec by
course with don pedro pacheco and all his
family